we have a down market here in the very
early going with the Dell off about 270
points and this just crossing the wire
GE Aviation is going to cut 25% of its
workforce because of this coronavirus
pandemic and GE stock is under pressure
right now want to welcome Paul Schatz
now president of heritage capital to the
program Paul always good to see you just
we haven't talked in a few weeks what
have you made of market action over
these past few weeks the fact that we've
gotten some really bad economic data but
the market has seemed to hold up okay
and good morning I hope you're well and
staying sane a couple things so the last
couple of times I've been on I've had a
common theme and that is regarding the
markets not the health crisis it's
always important to see what the
reaction is the bad news not what the
bad news is everybody knows bad news but
when stocks trade higher on bad news
that's a super super bullish sign so
that's kind of the big picture shorter
term I thought last week markets went
about as far as they were gonna go so
you want to call it Dow 25,000 we'll
round it that's fine I think we're in a
range let's say it's 20 to 5 on the
downside and 25,000 on the upside and
now the markets gonna digest and maybe
catch up with some of the news and maybe
some of the turns we're seeing in
earnings Paul I know you were glued to
the Yahoo Finance exclusive livestream
of Warren Buffett's annual meeting this
past weekend so when it comes out here
and says I'm exiting all my airline
stocks the fundamentals of these
business have changed does that signal
to you a short-term market top
absolutely not I did watch yesterday I
thought Andy did a great job when the in
the intro segment and you know Kudo to
it is really nice so Buffett I thinks
being Buffett he's being candid now he's
got 134 billion dollars in cash on the
airlines
it wasn't new news that came out I think
it was a week or so ago so the fact that
it's the second or third time he's
invested in Airlines and gotten burned
he's clearly not an airline
master and I would argue in the rest of
his life he's not going to invest in
Airlines again what the only met
surprised me you know think about it he
I'm sure he was all jacked up with the
billions ready to make one of those
crazy desperate deals the company's new
capital survive and then the government
came in with the nuclear arsenal said
nope not gonna happen the only thing
that surprised about puff it was during
the collapse in March he was not a net
buyer in those 5% positions and
companies he just loves stuff would love
to own that was doing that sir other
than that what are you gonna do when the
government comes in and says we're gonna
best backstop America but hey Paul I
would argue real quick though that what
Buffett Buffett did with the airlines
that applies to a lot of other companies
cyclical industrial companies all these
companies are taking on more debt and it
remains completely unclear when demand
will come back and you've seen this
market rally on a notion that we get
this v-shape recovery later this year
and maybe we don't get it
so I've argued since the beginning there
won't be a letter to describe the
recovery it's not gonna be a V it's not
gonna be used to be something a lot more
complex but I take buffett at personal I
said early on those is a certain segment
of our of the markets in the economy the
airlines the cruises the restaurants you
can go we all know what they are that
they will not in Fame you know those
restaurants they will not immediately
bounce back they're gonna have muscle be
zombies frankly for several years to
come but on the flip side you've got a
whole secondly the economy that is gonna
boom out of this so there's it's gonna
be so much clearer haves and have-nots I
know I'm not flying anytime soon I will
not get an airplane I'm not getting on a
train am i that's me maybe I'm on the
crazy end of the spectrum but I'm not
I'm not going to Disney and I'm not
going on a vacation or I've gotta be
around billion people I think he gets it
the airlines have a unique challenge in
front of them just like maybe if the
casinos do and it's gonna take a lot
more time and science for people to be
comfortable think of all those
conventions in Vegas people are not
going to run back to
those huge conventions in Vegas anytime
soon so I think Buffett gets it why keep
a position that you know you're gonna be
wrong for the foreseeable future but on
the end uh some on the industrial side
Brian I'm gonna put it back a little bit
I think there are going to be a lot more
opportunities then then seems on the
surface once you get out of kind of the
discretionary part of of industrials hey
Paul before we let you go I know you're
not a huge fan of the Federal Reserve
under Jay Powell what do you make of
what they've done thus far what more
could they should they be doing you're
right I have not been a fan of the Fed
and certainly chair of Powell I'll say
this I was applauding with both hands
and both feet the entire way everything
they did I kept saying do more you gotta
be bigger you get any bigger and they
they pretty much accommodated my wishes
my I'm so disappointed I'm disgusted
frankly that they decided to go into the
junk bond market I mean they got to a
point with mu knees we all know they've
been in every market commercial paper
Treasuries mortgage back they should
have stopped before they got the junk
bonds junk bonds are called junk bonds
for a reason they have the highest
amount of risk in the fixed income
spectrum they should have stopped there
and not got a junk investor some people
have to be punished number one and two
it makes it so easy now in the next
crisis to be Japan and start buying
stock index futures or ETFs and all this
does is this creates zombie companies
the Fed should have stopped and not done
junk bonds and there will be major
unintended consequences in the mid-2020s
from this but other than that I like
everything they did all right see I knew
you had something to say on it Paul
Schatz heritage capital B well and
thanks for being with us you guys -
thank you